== 29 July 2011 ==

I've just released python-gflags 1.6.  This release has only minor
changes, including support for multi_float flags.  The full list of
changes is in the
[http://python-gflags.googlecode.com/svn/tags/python-gflags-1.6/ChangeLog ChangeLog].

The major change with this release is procedural: I've changed the
internal tools used to integrate Google-supplied patches for gflags
into the opensource release.  These new tools should result in more
frequent updates with better change descriptions.  They will also
result in future `ChangeLog` entries being much more verbose (for
better or for worse).

=== 26 January 2011 ===

I've just released python-gflags 1.5.1.  I had improperly packaged
python-gflags 1.5, so it probably doesn't work.  All users who have
updated to python-gflags 1.5 are encouraged to update again to 1.5.1.

=== 24 January 2011 ===

I've just released python-gflags 1.5.  This release adds support for
flag verifiers: small functions you can associate with flags, that are
called whenever the flag value is set or modified, and can verify that
the new value is legal.  It also has other, minor changes, described
in the
[http://python-gflags.googlecode.com/svn/tags/python-gflags-1.5/ChangeLog ChangeLog].

=== 11 October 2010 ===

I've just released python-gflags 1.4.  This release has only minor
changes from 1.3, including support for printing flags of a specific
module, allowing key-flags to work with special flags, somewhat better
error messaging, and
[http://python-gflags.googlecode.com/svn/tags/python-gflags-1.4/ChangeLog so forth].
If 1.3 is working well for you, there's no particular reason to upgrade.

=== 4 January 2010 ===

I just released python-gflags 1.3. This is the first python-gflags
release; it is version 1.3 because this code is forked from the 1.3
release of google-gflags.

I don't have a tarball or .deb file up quite yet, so for now you will
have to get the source files by browsing under the 'source'
tag. Downloadable files will be available soon.

